My first pass in updating use-case documentation (#12)
DesignSafe-CI/DS-User-Guide: user-guide/docs/usecases/arduino/usecase.md

Author: @wesleyboar  you can see here that I had to add 
## OpenSees Model Calibration

plus, the single # in the first line of the original file, which was his title, messed up the hierarchy

Reviewer: Hm, okay. I am familiar with that problem (from TACC-Docs). Thanks for the reminder.

After [my work](https://github.com/DesignSafe-CI/DS-User-Guide/pull/1), I'll be comfortable showing you how we can include documents with lower or higher level heading hierarchies, yet still render in nav appropriately.

## OpenSees Model Calibration

> <span style="font-size:1.5em;">
> **From constitutive parameter calibration to site response analysis**
> </span>
> <br><br>
> <span style="font-size:1.25em;">
> ***A collection of educational notebooks to introduce model-parameter calibration and site response analysis using OpenSees in DesignSafe-CI***
> </span>

Reviewer: ~~To make this text stand out, HTML is acceptable, but I suggest simpler markup e.g. `<big>`.~~

<details><summary>Original Suggestion (now retracted)</summary>

```suggestion
<big>
**From constitutive parameter calibration to site response analysis**
</big>

<big>
***A collection of educational notebooks to introduce model-parameter calibration and site response analysis using OpenSees in DesignSafe-CI***
</big>
```

</details>

**Never mind**: The current theme intentionally makes `<big>` not work. 😒

_Continue to do this consistently. I'll revisit after redesign._

Author: yah, it was the only way to do it. There are too many levels of ## already and i think this is an important object. it is hard to keep it consistent in all pages, though. especially when there is a long subtitle, such as this one.

Author: it was the best solution I found, i did google it and try many different things. I like the change in font color. But the fonts look different in my local poetry from yours.

Reviewer: Understood.

The fonts look different in your environment… Unexpected.

Interesting, and noteworthy, but I'll resist investigation right now.

Author: yes, sometimes studio asks me if I want to install some add-ons. I think Pedro had mentioned something on this, too, so that's what I am guessing.
